hello guys and welcome back to another
minecraft them oh my graphing Mooji but
follow the update he's here 1.3 yes
that's quickly getting to like see what
they've added new so as you can see
there's a few more blocks you know have
half playing slabs which is basically
glass but the planes in the light to
move a bit better like that so that's
been added she's pretty neat because
they're gonna help his from my buildings
as well alright next thing they've added
all these different at different leave
locks so got this one what's taco on and
what this one here all right then and
there promptly now in this update if you
hit him with shears I think that's how
the shears are nothing in them survival
mode think it yes she is and the Drakh
they drop sapling so you build to
reproduce your rare thing is but a few
more plots been added so this is this
one's new the locus inc is lapis block
yeah this is it this is new will take a
while to destroy I think I'll zavod am
no it's not down block but I don't go
real quick but I'm real excited right
then fairness is yet furnaces are
rounded then so for pleasure finest down
well then I think we have to do is we'll
go to the sense of apple mud second guys
alright going my survival tjo world and
so quickly you just go make a a fairness
gone here all right you can that's
definitely glitz already there's an egg
instead of a double line yellow patch
but look this girl tools and holes
everything like that now that's great
right then so what was doing we were
them making it who cannot make diamond
from diamond a damn block sorry and then
so we was creating a furnace which will
be in here I presume yes so made of
Venice can I pick them up let's duel no
chess though which I'm pretty good heed
about because I was looking forward to
chest but yeah okay the Republic
furnaces right so go quickly plus
offenders down in here got two penises
alright so this a fairness here and here
for now I'm still tapping our furnace as
you can see all our items we can smelt
well I haven't got any at the moment so
let's quickly go down to my mind and
we'll go grab some I n 0 because I've
got plenty of that I've got a pickaxe no
I haven't but no pickup can't go good
tie and all oh my god I know me though
that's what I know yeah me know so I
should be able to smelt di on odds and
so firstly to get him we take good on to
my eye in where's my eye on all right
he'll go right bottom slot any coal Joey
yeah right let's putting colon so what
some cool top slot
put some iron in like this a shiny ingot
which can be used to craft tools made
from this material which is great right
so got one iron block I've done for our
what they have to right now to box i'm
guessing we just get beat up on this
that's fine that's done I now go over to
our crafting table and now I'll be able
to create a iron pickaxe but i do have
damage but this is just for
demonstration even ironing three flat
will make a sword oh so much taking sod
all right need some sticks I think I can
make some sticks like this and then
we'll make it so quickly i buy cuz oh
how did I made some sticks sure but some
sticks I was just thinking to myself all
right put a pick-up sticks yes I did hey
this is great all these their new walls
being added Clay's being added right
let's go to our sod sod right we now
have an iron saw yes right sir than guys
let's go quickly experiment with the
saplings on the trees hello guys kill
you my new iron sword and the damage is
being on the other creepers who better
not up because that's gonna scare the
hell outta me with this iron sword let's
go up here quickly and there she I think
evil shear to get seeds so we'll go up
here
like this and then I will just quickly
practice which she is because i have
said she is oh the do mean when you hit
him like that well I guess somethings do
drop but you get the idea seconds will
draw hopefully yeah well if you get look
at the will oh no other yeah saplings
are definitely not mean I think but
anyway guys then that's part if this
absurd apart from the new or box been
added in the creative but thanks guys
for watching this is update 1.3 and I
hope you enjoy this video please leave
comment subscribe and doll Celia